so I'm actually feeling wet down here
because the water spring in through the
frames of the window up here in the
ninth floor we're about an hour from the
Hurricanes peak there's can't see
Manhattan but it's over there it's
covered in a huge massive gray clouds by
far the most powerful scary weather
phenomenon that I've ever seen it comes
at it goes and the entire apartment
building it's been shifting and swaying
back and forth I couldn't sleep last
night because when these sounds started
I was just terrified and we actually
learned that Hurricane Irene last year
which was a weaker storm and much
shorter only three hours long actually
cause one of the windows of the apart
building directly below as to implode
and someone went to the hospital because
shards of glass had shot into his arm so
you can imagine my nervousness in this
being my first hurricane and all this
going on I haven't felt this anxious in
a long time this is what's going on
clearly my hands are trembling it's
definitely not a day i would like to
repeat a ton soon and the only calm one
of the house is the baby she thinks this
is all fantastic and a good time seven a
nap right now
at some point I need to sleep because
I'm actually getting to the point that
I'm delirious but afraid because I'm
afraid that one of the windows will cave
in wall and sleeping
holy shit
this is nature's most powerful force in
the air and it's scary as fuck so hang
on the rain I'm gonna sign off here
before I got to get away from this
window